[DOCS-152] Minor Updates to Product Docs (#143)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: content/en/Getting started/Assets/_index.md

The **Let's get started!** screen includes two options:

- **Create a new pentest from an existing asset**

>   - From the list of your assets that appears, select an asset to proceed with. Once you click **Next**, you can see the Asset screen with available information.

Reviewer: I appreciate the change to a more "active voice". I have a couple of other suggestions, including our guidance to "Select" buttons, ref https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/click

```suggestion
  - From the list of your assets that appears, choose an asset. Once you select **Next**, you can see the Asset screen with available information.
```
